hi guys it's popular lights again
I'm actually here really quick to UM
talk about the glue guy method with the
full head weave or the you part I did
see some YouTube videos on the goo gun
and the you know the regular boob method
okay me personally this is my opinion
personally I mean I think it could be a
good method don't get me wrong I did
tried to glue gun with this unit that I
made myself but it was just sticky the
gun was not pumping fast enough for me
and I had to keep reloading I guess I do
have a small one I'm probably about that
size I had to keep reloading the gun um
the glue is drying way too fast by the
time I put it on the cap it was like
already hard so I had to pill the glue
off again and reshoot the glue on the
track and put it back on so me
personally I'm not saying it's nothing
wrong with I'm not saying I would never
try it again but I would rate um the
glue hair glue over the glue gun reason
being is because pause hold on sweetie
um Brizendine because the glue way
accurate you go across you take the
track you put it to the hair net or to
the stocking cap you hold it you take
the blow dryer and you go across it
which keeps it stuck on there you know
and just press it now I'm not saying
that you can't take the glue gun and go
over it just at the top of the track and
make sure it's very secure but the glue
is way faster you know you just know
what you're working with you know and
you just work way faster with the glue
um like I said I will try to glue gun
method again but it just didn't work for
me and then I started seeing that some
try for falling like
kind of coming up because due to the
Goodman and do - I don't know so I had
to go back over it with the method that
we all know best which is the hair glue
so to me personally I would choose the
hair glue I mean you guys can try this
glue gun method I would not knock you
for trying it but um it is a little bit
of a work little sexy enough so if you
have any questions or concerns shoot you
comment thank you for watching Barbie
love life love you guys